
=== FILE: segment_01.txt ===

So that's sort of like another 200,000 residents in the next 25 years, because of that it's sort of like 91% of people in the city currently travel to work by car, if the 91% of new 200,000 people decide to travel by car, the existing grid road infrastructure won't be able to cope, which sort of leads into lots of different areas, one of them then is on the actual network and identifying where junction improvements are required, those junction improvements can include widening roads at junctions to roundabouts, enlarging roundabouts, but also signalising roundabouts to optimise traffic flow, especially at peak hours, the models that help us invest in maintenance of the grid roads and targeting investment to prevent big potholes coming and large scale investment in the infrastructure needed, but alongside that there's sort of like the push to encourage and promote public transport in active travel modes, so within the new LTP there will be a strong commitment to deliver a mass rapid transit system, which should be sort of like a high speed, high speed, high speed, high, what's the word I'm looking for, more often, what's the word, I think it's called, I can't remember, but basically a bus rocks up at a bus stop every five to eight minutes, whereas currently it rocks up every half hour. Yes, to increase the frequency of the stops. Yes, high frequency, that's the word I'm looking for, and that's sort of set on five routes that are dynamically centred on central Milton Keynes, offering connections from the north of Milton Keynes all the way down to the south and east and west, alongside the MRT then would be sort of like supporting traditional bus routes, where like MRT, high speed, high frequency, meaning quite like high cost, it needs to guarantee patronage, these local feeder ones will be a bit more responsive to demand.

=== FILE: segment_02.txt ===

And then where traditional bus services don't run, there'd be a dynamic, demand-responsive transit offering, which is currently done by NK Connect Vehicle, in which it's envisioned that those 8 to 12-seated vehicles with a driver currently would transition into all-toilet spots once the technology's ready. And again, alongside that, then, is promoting active travel, where Milton Keynes has 200 miles of existing redways, supported by 300 miles of bridleway and over 700 miles of footpaths and footways, so there's quite an extensive active travel network, but it's not used extensively. So try and promote and encourage active travel, which obviously gets the health benefits on the side of that. So that's sort of like the quick rundown of the local transport plan, and within that, then, is sort of like the developing, within the streetcab projects of that autonomous first, last mile shuttle service in the city centre. So currently, traditionally, a lot of the bus routes go through the city centre, and the journey times can vary between sort of like an 8 minutes when it's getting green light, all the traffic signals, to upwards of 45 minutes, depending on like traffic conditions. The idea being, if you can limit the amount of cross-city centre trips, you can guarantee journey times across medium to long-distance trips. Within that, then, there's a need of that first, last mile service within the city centre to help, say, the 25 million people who go to the shopping centre each year. That's correct. And then the 30,000 people who use the train station every day. Sorry, Joe. Plus the additional 20,000 new homes that are looking to be built in the city centre as well. That's quite a lot. Yes, and many things happening. You said 25 million visitors to the shopping centre? Yeah, 20 to 25 million, depending on what you ask. OK, that's visitors over the year. OK. And you mentioned, obviously, the city centre would represent the one that has the highest variance or change, right, in terms of like the journey time according to patterns of peak hours and so on, and parallel, let's say. It cannot be shown very clear in this map, right? But I would say, most likely, I would say in the second one I have, here we can see like most of the infrastructure represents.

=== FILE: segment_03.txt ===

in the city center is very concentrated. Do you have any view, would it be just like, obviously public transport, but in addition, like private fleets, other vehicles that might not have the need to go through the city center to be influenced through a system in order to get there? Or what would be the ideal actions to take to reduce that variance in terms of the journeys? Well, so franchising, if you're aware of that, sort of where like public, local authorities get more powers over the local public transport fleet. Yes. We'll have like a stronger control of where we direct buses and public transport, including DRT and MRT. Yes. So from that sense, we'll take an active role in setting the routes. Okay. So from that, there's a need for route planning and route optimization in that sense. Yes. On, say, freight fleet, be that like light goods vehicles or heavy goods vehicles, we've traditionally taken like a hands-off approach to it. Like the freight, the logistics industry's got a very strong presence in the Philippines, but the city council hasn't really had to do anything with them because the grid road network's been so strong. And like they've sort of, they've got the M1, the A5. Yes. Grid roads offer quite easy access, so we've not really had to get involved as such in that. So it's very unlikely, right, that they would go through the city centre unless they have to do a delivery, but not particularly to go to the- Yeah, they know the optimal routes based on, yeah, based on experience. I think a lot of their routing separately would probably be done based on sort of like additional Google Maps, Wave, whatever mapping service, freight and logistic vehicles. Yes. The challenge we find with freight vehicles is parking and identifying suitable parking locations. And what we're expecting is sort of like the drive to no emission vehicles that refilling or recharging infrastructure will become a larger demand over the coming years. It's more parking rather than routes. I see. Yes. That's often related as well with our current second project. Back there, you remember some people presenting obviously from SENSIC and what they used to call the Centre for Autonomous- Centre for Connected and Autonomous Vehicles.

=== FILE: segment_04.txt ===

vehicles that's our second project with them. Primarily what we are doing is acquiring data from satellites also using like this kind of geographic information systems representation but in addition to that we have as well acquired data in the form of pictures taken of the roads and what we are doing is just like benchmarking infrastructure in the form of even like runabouts, potential sources of bottlenecks affecting in this case autonomous vehicles but if it applies to autonomous vehicles because they have a large number of constraints in order to function well satisfying those constraints as well allow us just to improve the traffic conditions for the rest of the vehicles that are just like obviously most of them still nowadays are driven by humans but essentially what we are doing is just acquiring data in order to benchmark so what you can imagine next for this map is just that we'll be building like some sort of heat map representing for example levels of risk, levels of congestion and at the same time potential areas where we can improve or suggest alternative routes. This primarily was focused on the autonomous vehicles I mentioned before but I think there's a good alignment in terms of the needs and some of the areas you mentioned before specifically for understanding and justifying how to propose different routes and we are acquiring data from different channels including like obviously images from the roads, over post them on the maps and at the same time correlated with traffic patterns. Do you think that potentially will be an avenue just to make a suggestion or present a future approach if you see value on that? I think the identifying where there's high congestion especially at different times of the year obviously have benefit to any local authority in the sense you can see where your network is struggling and where you need to implement improvements to guarantee journey time. The risk profile of certain sections of the road would be quite interesting which I failed to mention the local transport plan is a big road safety so obviously grid roads are 70 miles per hour. The segregation of people and vehicles is good which means we have a low incident rate however when we do have an incident on the grid roads it tends to be a disproportionate high of killed and seriously injured. Yes. So when we do have an incident it's deadly. Yes understood. But we have a limited amount instances so

=== FILE: segment_05.txt ===

sort of there's quite a big push in that sense of road safety interventions which if we know where the risk is then we can implement interventions earlier. Yes. Just something like those two for network management could have benefit. The road safety interventions and at the same time like you say like the risk profile or much more on the side of the congestion of the road? Both. There was a different arguments like the risk profile informs safety interventions. Okay. Identifying where there's congestion identifies where there's infrastructure improvements are needed. Understood. And currently Joe do you have like a particular provider or any organization or it's more the council doing like their own number crunching and analysis at the moment? There's various like sources of information on congestion so there's like the ways of an option on that but it's more like you can't really track congestion in that sense. There's a website called I think it's called one council or one something that provides information on congestion data but it's a bit sporadic it doesn't allow sort of like further modeling. Okay. We have the highways guys use quite extensively the AI tool for road condition data which helps inform their investment strategies for the maintenance and then safety interventions are very much informed by incidences on the road network and or responding to local engagement of where they believe safety interventions need to be. Those safety interventions are normally a speed reduction. Fair enough. I remember as well I approached some of the peers from the other councils who were presented that day. Sorry were present that day. I remember as well there was I think it was the head for Shire that they were keen as well understanding for example interconnectivity between systems right because the way you have described it so far according to those sources it seems that some of the data is being provided right but it's just like having like different angles or snapshots of specific characteristics happening.

=== FILE: segment_06.txt ===

right? Could it add value to have like some sort of platform that integrates all this information so you have all this together? That's something one of our key specialties. The reason I mention this is just because primarily we have used as well sources as ways but also we have our own data sources but instead of having like let's say four or five different windows for people to take decision according to different timestamps and data we can integrate all that content. So if it's helpful I mean we can just have a conversation maybe in January once back from your annual leave and at the same time can show you how does our platform behave in terms of integrating this data so there's only one view of having this understanding of the conditions of the roads, the congestion and at the same time causality understanding of what is driving that congestion right? But it would be like having like a unified view of all these different sources in case that you find it relevant for us just to further explore. Yeah it sounds I know there's the highways asset manager has about 17 accesses for different information uh data points that might be an exaggeration it might be an understatement but he has a lot of dashboards he accesses so having it all in one place is sort of the dream of network management yes but it's sort of and it's like an open opportunity on what those dashboards look like and how they function yes how how does the city council get the best benefit out of whatever dashboard is proposed? Makes sense yeah I think that that that's doable and essentially the one that you call is called highways road or the the one with the 17 dashboards or that's our highways asset manager so he's keen so he's got um he's got a platform called amx which has or is looking to develop to have all our highways assets uploaded onto it okay the current one it's got it's got coordinate data for every single uh street light we have in the city yes and his vision for that is to keep on improving that so that it's got every highway asset is within the amx off the back of that then you can his vision is to develop a model where you know when uh maintenance

=== FILE: segment_07.txt ===

is required for different assets. So that's the one tool I definitely know. Then within that, then using the big one is the Visala AI tool, which is doing that condition survey data. Okay. Does it input any data in terms of pictures or information provided by users? Let's say someone that takes a pothole. The Visala one is a mobile application. So when the highways fleet are driving about the city, they put the mobile phone on the dashboard. Video feed is then processed by Visala in that survey, and it kicks out on their dashboard road condition data based on, they've got about between five to 10 different metrics. Then through using that, it can kick out a report on investment strategy. Understood. I'm used to know. That one's like three words. It's just had accreditation for DFT. It's like a wider deployment on the condition stuff. So I think there's five different softwares now that have got accreditation in that sense. I know Visala and that team have had high praise for their work in that, and directing investment in a sensible approach. Understood. I see. The fact is still like several applications and sources being used so far, right? In terms, ideally, what would be like the most critical pain points, I guess in terms of like I could identify a gap, but based on your experience, what would be the critical pain points to solve in order, let's say, to get to the targets of improving like the routes for the transport system from Milton Keynes, maybe deploying additional infrastructure. What would be like some of the critical points that at the moment these tools are not allowing you to get there? The one that sticks out to me is the understanding very much where the heavy congestion is, and then from understanding the heavy congestion, what infrastructure upgrades are needed. So is it a large roundabout, or is there enough evidence to signalise junctions?

=== FILE: segment_08.txt ===

As a Middle Keynes resident, you're quite happy there's not signals everywhere and you buzz around quite freely. Yes. I like my car and I like not having to be stopped at a red light, but there's sort of like, in the transport world, you have to accept that signals do have a benefit, especially in congestion. Exactly. In environments. At congestion times. Yeah. And where the public doesn't like traffic signals is having that robust evidence base of saying, look, we need traffic signals here because the road network is struggling so much. Yes. Yes. And having that evidence base is similar to what we have very close to the train station, right? I think that one of the, some of the most populated, some of the most populated, I would say roundabouts specifically close to the city centre or intersections with some of the major highways that will have like traffic systems, right? But potentially traffic systems could be deployed somewhere else and we need just to get to the justification, analysing from different angles how to get there. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Any other pain point or areas that you consider is relevant as well to address improvements from the systems? No, I think that's the main, I think if you were a operator, you'd like the re-routing or the optimisation of journey trips. But currently, so like currently the council has limited operational capabilities. That might change with franchising. Yes. But it won't change like our operations in freight are limited. Yeah. So the whole idea of optimising routes is like, that's more private sector led. Right. Local authority led. Yes. It's much more about the rendering of the infrastructure, reducing some of the sources of congestion. Obviously do some interventions that eventually will let others to take decisions on how to take the routes and so on, I suppose, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then the why, the long term vision, I think there's one about if there is an incident on the network, can a system detect that? So if there's a crash on a roundabout and congestion builds up like naturally, the idea from the highways guys is could you send a autonomous drone to take an aerial picture of it and get a feel of what is happening in that situation? Whereas traditionally or currently, if they get reports of an incident, then they'd have to send out.

=== FILE: segment_09.txt ===

a two-man team in a van to go out, drive and see what the incident is, if they have that more immediate response with the drone to get a visual idea of it, they can plan the intervention quicker and easier. Yes. And that's sort of very much a long-term vision for the highways guys, plus I think that is attractive to a lot of people in the highway industry across the country. Yes. If you need accurate data on what your network is doing now, an algorithm to detect when a unnatural incident is causing disruption, that triggers then the drone flight in which then the team can react to the information provided. Of course. I think that's... Yes. That's a longer-term vision. That sounds very appealing. I mean, to share with you, my background was in robotics and my research thesis was applied on drones and navigation systems. That was quite a few years ago, but right now I think we have much more reliable ways to do planning. And yeah, I think it would be interesting, right, if we were just to have like a single platform to have like this, the whole view of the likelihood to reduce congestion. We have the representation of all the roads, but primarily as well, we could consider, for example, what would be the safest route for sending a drone? And obviously connectivity for a drone would be based on GPS, but also on 4G or 5G connectivity. Similar projects that we've done, like mapping the 5G strength, the signal to 5G strength in Milton Keynes has been focused on determining, for example, whether we lose connectivity of a tele-operated vehicle or a drone. So potentially as well determining what is the best way to ensure that even the drone doesn't fall on the way, right? Because it wouldn't be radio controlled, it would be much more likely to be controlled through 5G network and GPS coordinates in order to get to its destination. But yeah, I think as well, potentially we could make like a, present a scenario of how that such a technology would work while deploying those kinds of drones, if that makes sense. Having said that, I mean, if it works with you, I'll send you a summary of what we have commented so far, as well, just if there's any ideas that would come. We are proactively building tools, infrastructure, rendering capabilities because of the current projects, but most likely as well, I mean, there are several elements that you have mentioned in terms of like the reduction of the congestion.

=== FILE: segment_10.txt ===

a two-man team in a van to go out, drive and see what the incident is, if they have that more immediate response with the drone to get a visual idea of it, they can plan the intervention quicker and easier. Yes. And that's sort of very much a long-term vision for the highways guys, plus I think that is attractive to a lot of people in the highway industry across the country. Yes. If you need accurate data on what your network is doing now, an algorithm to detect when a unnatural incident is causing disruption, that triggers then the drone flight in which then the team can react to the information provided. Of course. I think that's... Yes. That's a longer-term vision. That sounds very appealing. I mean, to share with you, my background was in robotics and my research thesis was applied on drones and navigation systems. That was quite a few years ago, but right now I think we have much more reliable ways to do planning. And yeah, I think it would be interesting, right, if we were just to have like a single platform to have like this, the whole view of the likelihood to reduce congestion. We have the representation of all the roads, but primarily as well, we could consider, for example, what would be the safest route for sending a drone? And obviously connectivity for a drone would be based on GPS, but also on 4G or 5G connectivity. Similar projects that we've done, like mapping the 5G strength, the signal to 5G strength in Milton Keynes has been focused on determining, for example, whether we lose connectivity of a tele-operated vehicle or a drone. So potentially as well determining what is the best way to ensure that even the drone doesn't fall on the way, right? Because it wouldn't be radio controlled, it would be much more likely to be controlled through 5G network and GPS coordinates in order to get to its destination. But yeah, I think as well, potentially we could make like a, present a scenario of how that such a technology would work while deploying those kinds of drones, if that makes sense. Having said that, I mean, if it works with you, I'll send you a summary of what we have commented so far, as well, just if there's any ideas that would come. We are proactively building tools, infrastructure, rendering capabilities because of the current projects, but most likely as well, I mean, there are several elements that you have mentioned in terms of like the reduction of the congestion.

=== FILE: segment_11.txt ===

There's an innovation team in the council who are welcome to approaches on different innovative solutions. I sit in the transport team, work close with the highways guys and sort of help cause a little bit of chaos here and there. The innovation team have got wider comms with different teams across the council. I'll put you in touch with the head of that as well when you send your email through. That's the innovation team, right? Yeah. May I ask their name or any good contact? Yeah, it's Lakeisha. When you do your follow up email, I'll reply. Like a normal reply saying hi, thanks for the info. CC's agent is Lakeisha. She's the broker. That sounds good, Joe. You are still till tomorrow? When is your last day? Just to make sure I'm reaching you at the right time. Yeah, I'm working up until Monday. Okay. And then I come back on the 6th of January. Okay. I'll send you an email with some comments. I think it's really, really great to be in contact with you. And I think it will be some good synergies. I have to mention as well, my company got sponsored about two months ago to go to Poland precisely on exploring horizon opportunities. So, I mean, you want, I could just like assist as well to whether there could be some interest as well in terms of like planning for urban environments. The events I went to were more related towards energy, agreed, set up, and also, again, connected and autonomous vehicles. But so far as well, there was like a large organization, especially based in Poland that have good success rates of getting their horizon grants. So, if that helps as well, I can explore with you whether it has to do more on the side of potentially the drones or the grid infrastructure. Sorry, the routes and the decrement of congestion in other cities. Potentially, there will be some areas. So, it will be the right contact as well to ask, right? Some of the grants I'm considering applying are in January, but essentially they are more on connected vehicles and electric batteries. But anyway, there will be other areas as well, right? It is my understanding that the partner for horizon has to be based in mainland Europe. UK organizations can join primarily as, let's say, secondary partners. Not nice after Brexit, but that's how they have called us. But still.

=== FILE: segment_12.txt ===

Well, the good thing is just that we can collaborate for the right because after Brexit, unfortunately, there was no clarity about how UK-based organizations would participate. But the key thing is just that has to be at least two organizations based on mainland Europe. I have like some good contacts there as well to explore whether that would help. And if there's anything I could facilitate as well, I mean, it is like from several countries, I have met quite a few peers. But especially on the key topic that we have discussed, I can explore further if you find that that's something relevant to see, right. But obviously, the funding for Horizon is much larger than local UK-based grants. So as well, I mean, it might be worth exploring in case that you find it useful, if I could assist. Yeah, and the benefit for SMEs anyway, like the Council gets 100% funding from UK-funded opportunities. But for SMEs, you get 120% funding on Horizon projects, whereas in the UK, you get a maximum of 70%, 20% for overhead. I know that, I heard. Yeah, Horizon's the more attractive one, I think, for SMEs to get involved in. The Council's adopted a smart city strategy and action plan. It's all about sort of becoming the place where ideas become reality. Fair enough. So it's open to different approaches and different things, different technologies that have advanced. And based on that, when is the timeframe for you to apply for the smart city Horizon scenario? The work that I was talking about within transport is to review the upcoming calls and see where synergies arrive with our strategy. And then that's where us in the transport team would look to actively engage with potential consortiums. The sustainability team have a want to get involved. Our GIS team have a want to get involved in different Horizon projects as well. Yes. So there's various teams within the Council that want to get involved in Horizon projects. Yes. But as a local authority, we'd look to host the technologies and help develop use cases and applications rather than being an active technology developer. We'd want to support local SMEs in doing that as well. Okay. I think that sounds like a plan. I think that is very good potential as well. And Milton Keynes is a very innovative person.

=== FILE: segment_13.txt ===

good scenario as well for deploying this either technologies, testing platforms because of the grid distribution compared to any other UK-based city and most of the cities in mainland Europe. So I think it will be some good synergies there. Well I'm more than happy as well just to explore. I'll reach out to some of my contacts as well if there's anything related as well to smart city if I could assist. But in the meantime yeah I think it has been fantastic to be in contact Joe. I'll provide you a follow-up email with some ideas as well if you have any comments, suggestions as well more than happy to address them. But yeah I appreciate that Milton Keynes as a resident for several years presents good opportunities in terms of like testing easier right. So it's a stronger argument compared to other cities. Yeah if I could assist for it as well for the council to to make the reality for improving transport and the assessment of the road infrastructure I'd be delighted. But yeah I'll send you an email so far. Is there anything else you'd like to comment or address as well? I'd be more than happy as well just to provide or comment anything else that's relevant. Not right now. That's probably everything on the top of my head right now. Perfect. You know, just looking for opportunities and seeing how, again, looking for improvements for how the city council runs things but also alongside that looking on developing technologies that can be applied in the whole of the UK. Because although Milton Keynes will use whatever services developed to make things commercially viable, it's having that national and international application rather than just MK focused stuff. I agree, yes. But I think it's a good starting point for scalability, right? And Milton Keynes setting the example with respect to other towns. Yeah. And it's just a virtual cycle that attracts prestige, reputation, funding and so on. Anyway, I'll be delighted as well to assist in some of those areas. But so far, it's been a pleasure talking to you. I wish you a Merry Christmas, good break period and all the best for 2026. And in the meantime, I'll drop you an email later on this afternoon, but you can check it later on, maybe tomorrow. So, all right. Well, have a great evening. I'll talk to you later. Thanks so much. Thanks. Thank you. Transcribed by https://otter.ai

=== FILE: segment_14.txt ===

The session has finished, but I'll comment on some of the important things. Milton Keynes represents a good opportunity for deploying different technologies for monitoring transport infrastructure. One of the critical problems addressed by Joe from the Milton Keynes Council of the Transport Department is that Milton Keynes needs to plan for 2030 to have 200,000 more residents. They have to plan for roads. They have to improve junctions because the current grid with the roundabouts might be constrained for having those extra 200,000 residents. They have as different opportunities improving signalized signal of traffic roads. They can deploy new infrastructure and maybe define where to put traffic roads, how to identify large potholes, and hence, if an incident of a pothole or a crash car accident takes place, potentially in the future, a drone would be sent in order to do a proper assessment instead of sending two people subject to traffic to get on time to the right location. Encouraging public transport is one of the key trends. They would like to increase the frequency of usage of specific stops, and hence, they are considering maybe as well to improve and have five routes to optimize. Traditional buses would still be the subject ones to get the suggestions of how to improve those routes. They are aiming as well to promote how to get either particulars or other transport services that they do not have control just to avoid going through the city center. Going through the city center at peak hour represents completing a simple route that would take five minutes, could extend to 40 minutes just because of the congestion it represents. So, different routes need to be planned. Franchising local transport fleet, that means that other providers would take the franchise to run the respective transport, but the Milton Keynes Council would have the opportunity to...

=== FILE: segment_15.txt ===

allocate resources still and to orient how these companies could just follow a specific route. Freight fleet parking as well, defining where to park and because it's constrained it's something relevant as well for planning. Where to identify high-risk congestion, specifically it resonates to Joe my idea on having like potentially heat maps to represent the roads. Have like road safety intervention and have safe segregation of vehicles and people so we reduce the risk of potential risks. So the two key areas of improvement addressed by Joe was just to increase the road safety, reduce risk, have safety intervention as described maybe by potentially having more advanced technology to reduce accidents and monitoring them in real time, and overall reduce congestion overall for the improvement of light quality and reduce costs for all the people involved depending on the traffic. Where heavy traffic congestion takes place essentially they can take different actions such as taking specific traffic lines being deployed in new roundabouts. He said that most people do not like traffic lights but at the same time when it comes to congestion they definitely add value. So determining where specifically those traffic lines could be deployed. There's a robot system if an operator is just optimizing for specific journeys how essentially they integrate this data to the current information available from the Milton Keynes Council. Joe mentioned that they have like different different sources to assess the data. They are using Waze. It seems that there's another platform called One Congestion or so on. The Highways Road AMX and other systems that gives information about incidents on the road network. There's also Highways Asset Management. It seems that it's another app being used by the councils to monitor the condition of the highways. Some of these different platforms have up to 17 different sources and the idea is to integrate all this data together. AMX as well is focused on determining where are like some specific areas that could be problematic for traffic.

=== FILE: segment_16.txt ===

and also all these different apps have road condition data. Some of the apps have got accreditation from DFT, which I believe could be a department for transport or a department related with transport within the UK, so they need to be certified, and that's a bit of a challenge for organizations building an app. It's important to identify how to get this accreditation in order to be an app that the different councils can use. Overall, it's a bit of a good overview. Finally, it seems that Milton Keynes have 200 miles of highways. They are developing new shuttle services, such as the connected and autonomous vehicles component. It would be good to ask in a follow-up email, what's the future for those vehicles that have been deployed for autonomous transport? Long-term, they want to use drones for determining whether an incident take place, and essentially, I mentioned that my background from robotics could allow us just maybe to make some suggestions on potentially how those drones could be used. They are currently considering getting a grant from the European Space Agency focused on developing this technology reliably for deployment in councils, so essentially, they are aiming just to get that grant. They as well potentially are waiting for getting a grant being approved by labor that before was scrapped, likely because of the previous government, but it seems that in the next year, they'll have like a fund of two million pounds in order to deploy an intelligent traffic management system, and hence, they would be keen to have some ideas taking place. Also, they will be aiming to get other grants such as Horizon, and this grant could be very focused in terms of doing the smart city modeling. Potentially, this is a good opportunity for applying together as an Horizon grant. Me, Joseph requested, but I said that I will be in contact with some of my peers met in Poland in order to do some of this analysis, and see how can we apply together maybe for one of these grants, because we need to do a strong partnership with organizations in mainland Europe in order to be successful for Horizon. That's all for the time being. Looking forward to connect again. Cheers.
